Welcome to the course.
In this video,
we will discuss how you
can make the most of
each part of the course to
set yourself up for success.
Whether you watch the videos,
complete activities, or
work through hands-on labs.
Each element has been
designed to help you master
the skills you need to become
a confident and
capable developer.
The first step in every
lesson is the videos.
You'll be introduced
to new concepts,
definitions, and key ideas.
Watch these carefully and
take notes on the
important points.
The videos provide the
foundational knowledge
you'll need to build
on, so don't skip them.
They'll give you the context to
understand everything
that comes next.
After each video,
complete the readings.
These readings
reinforce the key ideas
you've just learned and
can serve as job aids.
I recommend printing
out the readings,
or saving them for
quick reference.
They'll be extremely helpful
when completing activities,
working on projects,
or just needing a refresher.
They're not just supplementary.
They help you apply what you've
learned to real world tasks.
Throughout the
course, you'll find
small but impactful activities.
These quick exercises
allow you to check
your understanding of key ideas;
don't rush through them.
Take the time to work through
these activities thoughtfully.
After each, compare answers with
the answer key to check
how well you understand
the material.
This is your chance to
practice without pressure.
At the end of each lesson,
you'll encounter
practice quizzes.
These quizzes are a great
way to ensure you fully
grasp the concepts from the
videos and the readings.
Use these as a checkpoint to
assess how well you
retain the information.
If you find yourself struggling,
review the videos
and readings again.
The goal is to build
confidence and
solidify your understanding
before moving forward.
When you need to
see the material in
action, screencasts guide you.
These videos show
you exactly how to
work through certain
tasks step by step.
If you ever feel stuck or
unsure about applying a concept,
watch the screencasts
and follow along.
This hands-on guidance
is invaluable
for understanding how the
code works in real-time,
and applying what
you've learned.
At the end of each module,
there will be graded quizzes.
These are an important part
of your success as they
allow you to demonstrate
mastery of the material.
These quizzes build on
the practice quizzes,
and they are a great way
to ensure you're ready
to move on to more
advanced concepts.
Treat these quizzes
as milestones.
Passing them means you're fully
prepared for the next challenge.
The guided labs are where you'll
take the concepts
from the lessons,
and apply them in a controlled
hands-on environment.
These labs will take you
step by step through tasks,
including helpful
feedback and hints.
The more effort you put into
the labs, the more
you'll get out of them.
It's all about
learning by doing,
so take your time and ensure you
understand each step
before moving on.
After you've completed
the guided labs,
it's time to test
your skills with
independent projects
or You Try It!.
This is where you'll
apply everything you've
learned without
step-by-step instructions.
These projects are a great way
to gauge how far you've come,
and to put your
knowledge to the test.
Don't worry if you
feel challenged,
that's part of the
learning process.
By completing these projects,
you'll reinforce your skills
and build confidence.
Finally, at the
end of the course,
you'll complete a
culminating hands-on project
that you can use as a
portfolio artifact.
This project will showcase
the skills you've gained
throughout the course,
and give you
something tangible to
present to potential employers.
As you progress to the program,
these portfolio
pieces will become
stronger representations of
your hands-on experience,
and understanding
of key concepts.
Success in this course comes
down to using all
the tools available.
Watch the videos carefully,
engage with the readings,
complete the activities
and quizzes thoughtfully,
and take full advantage of
the screencasts,
labs, and projects.
Each element of this
course is designed to
help you master the
material step by step.
By the end you'll have a
solid understanding of
the concepts and real projects
to prove your skills.
Remember to persist.
Take your time,
and you'll be ready for a
successful career
in development.